FC1-The first option that’ll pop up when searching for mess in Manipal. Situated near the MIT student plaza. The place is great for chatting, hanging out with your newly made class friends or making some new friends, but I can’t say the same for the food. Many students find it the worst on-campus mess in Manipal. The non-veg section might seduce you for the first few days, but the veg section is inferior.  The worst part is the overall taste of the food, which many find non-eatable. Then comes the service, which is as bad as the taste. When you go to the food distribution section, it’ll seem like few machines are standing there with little or zero intention for any kind of interaction. You can try this place for various reasons. Firstly, if you want to keep a healthy schedule, secondly, if you stay in nearby hostel blocks or your academic area is too far, and this food court just happens to be on the road from your block to your college’s academic area. There can be other personal reasons for taking this mess.

Apoorva mess-Situated in between block 8 and D-Block, this mess offers an open-air eating place. The food for the members comes from FC 2, which is the main branch of the company that runs Apoorva mess. The overall food quality and taste are pretty good here. Many students prefer this mess because of the excellent location and extra benefits available. You can watch cricket and football games here (TV + Projector available). The pay and eat service of this mess is outstanding. So, if the members get bored by the food, they opt for the pay and eat services which give delicious options. The quality of the service is good, and the staffs are pretty helpful. The one disadvantage of this mess is that it doesn’t have an AC. So, in the scorching heat of the even semester, you have to face some difficulties.

Annapoorna mess-This mess is situated in between the 9th block and the Department of Commerce (DOC). The unique point for taking this mess is the quantity of non-veg items provided by the food mess. The chicken pieces that this mess offers is so large that many students find it challenging to eat the portions in one go. The non-veg section of this mess is undoubtedly best on the campus. But I can’t say the same for the veg section. They don’t provide ample choices for the veg section. Only certain everyday food items like rajma, kadhi, chole gravy etc., are available. The taste of the veg items is average here. This mess is survivable for only veg eaters but quite enjoyable for non-veg eaters. The main disadvantages of this mess are the monotonous menu, the location and the heat. There is no weekly menu change service, so you’d have to eat the same food with the same taste over and over again. Not a slight difference will you experience in the taste. The location makes it worse for students who stay in 14,15 blocks. 18/19 block students find this mess a distant dream. There is no AC available inside the mess; this makes the eating experience unenjoyable during the even semester when the Sun rules Manipal.
